In previous tutorials, I told you we created all the programs and we are facing some exceptions, so
I told you in that video we can handle that exceptions with some part.
So we use the multi-threading and as I told you, we hope we can use multi-threading yet to execute
the main process in small small processes, or we can set up processes.
And which are these processes, like I told you, there are different processes in connecting a client,
connecting the message, handling the message, I'm accepting some private messages also here.
So that part then stability 10 times that we're loading.
We can handle all these things to order multithreading.
And what is the multithreading handling done multiple tours at?
And so what is the beautiful thing here is I can connect many clients at the same time stamp or we can
say the same thing, stambaugh for that purpose.
So I you multithreading.
By extending the third class, I am to create an able interface for that.
So trade class includes good and evil interface also, so I went through that.
All these things extending the trade classes.
So let us see what is implementation.
We can see the deep implementation of this.
So the side implementation I'm taking application begins with the server computers running on the server
or the posted photos on your port.
It was your 1500.
You can choose photos in any report for clients to talk with one another.
They will have to run a client called for their systems.
So assume that you are a few things.
What are you going to do?
You can run only the client pool and you can deploy your server on some server.
Or you can say there are many servers available on the internet like Google Cloud servers.
Are there A.W. Servers Europe Web Server also supports this.
So what are you going to do instead of running server on your machine?
You can deploy on the internet that part, which can do what it will be doing.
It will be the thing that's the world class or labor or we security 24 by Isilon.
So you just need to run look like you just entered into in the interface, and I'm considering your
own new command line interface.
In next part, I will tell you how you can create some UI for that simple UI for that purpose.
So what you can do?
You can just run your client.
So for the client was the only new client.
No need to run server.
So server and plan.
What are the different codes?
What is the thing between is it's connecting to the TCP connection to that.
So that's it.
So the work consists of two classes of a class and client and a lot less so I'm I mentioned the name
as different in that all good.
But what is the main thing is client handling and leaving the blank server class consists servers of
which which for plan to join whenever a new client joins its created the trade for that purpose, then
you can use the run method to allocate that server part broadcasting part, each and every client handler
plus.
So when trade begins its education execution, it starts by waiting for clients to send message as soon
as blank disconnected.
Our server and client is Valley or Glen, the server, which for the blankness, it's a cleansing message
when clients shared the message.
The message is controlled by silver and move forward and the trade center in the same message function
recently.
First, trade is what we are doing.
Accepting the message once the messages are not ready to move, but to send a message part when job
is to forward the message from the client to another to be meaningless.
But I'm sick.
Say it's Typekit victor.
We can say all we can say, Oh, that's not good, but so what will we do?
Fulda That trade will be converted into object and will be holding up well.
Why we use.
We're at least we can pass that object in the ArrayList and to know that trade ECP connection or we
can TCP TCP back, it will take that part and move forward.
Will that object move forward to that message?
So instead of using bye bye bye, good, what we can do, we can move that object inside frame and object
and choose that message message again.
It's converted into bytecode, but we don't need to convert into bytecode.
We just need to put that object in front of it will go to another.
Let us see what is planted in implementation I'm considering here, do you?
Because I don't want to explain it again.
So enjoy us and learn to use on Java Swing.
So as soon as a new client opens that Java is an application, it's connected to the front end to back
and back and needs to just basically all the similar part like plant.
Whenever it's open, send measured functions will execute and another function in the background to
which server to send a message like even the server is saying successfully the message, then it will
be handled then.
So message functions are there.
Each message is sort of what is prefixed by name by sender to increase message readability and everything.
So it is a client or implementation only.
Supplied.
What is the client doing?
Client is only muted first client when the client is added to that server.
Now the client today is accepting message from user so that reusability.
One message is that part is done.
It will push to the server port.
Informally, once this is done, the server will handle the pushing the message.
Similarly, Blank is also waiting an undertaking for another client message of what we can learn to
message so it will waiting for that purpose.
Another thing once that messages are pushed to that part, or we can see the front end part and it will
show that it's so waiting and showing the message.
So this is the basic idea of this.
In this also, I mentioned some useful parts, like within method activity usernames.
So our direct username, which is basically private method, if you would edit in the name of that person
or client, what are you going to do?
You can publish it on that part, or we can see a private message.
You can do.
Then injured, OK, now the main thing is in Europe here, why I'm using injured judokas, if you know
this is only what we can say, my client machine.
But I want to join my friend also.
So these are my will be this look almost any generating.
But I want to create some thing which can be global or we can see port forwarding systems.
So for that purpose, I need one board for auditing my local post or printing development machine can
maybe be connected to securing network behind a firewall to work around access restriction and grant
runs.
Small claim process on your machine, which creates private connection panel and your cloud service.
What is doing it in Europe is a cloud service, basically what it is doing.
If I had a new server on my local news, it will copy that part each and every time.
Copying means the continuous copy to the cloud.
It will create another link with the port and it will not proceed in that purpose.
So if you have that part, what are you going to do?
You can share your IP address or you can say, link your server address with or to your friend to connect
friend on any network.
I'm not saying your local network or consider there are two things when it John and Andrew Sam John
is shipping news in New York and are considering same musical sitting in San Francisco.
Oh, John wants to send a message throughout this process.
Oh, are we going to throw this client through what he can do?
He can create some server party generating.
He can mention in the server part.
This is my link throughout the new doc and you can and this is my port address to the SAM what you can
do.
You can create a permanent link on Angel.
This is my port and this is my link forever for this Mike Line application function to what he can do.
He can create one client code like this.
You can put the local shows there that localized change to that or that IP address within Europe, as
you can see here.
In Park.
Let me zoom this little bit.
This, despite what he can do, he can change these local laws, which sort of I dissolve in Europe
and put no with that vote, no.
And in a server implementation part onshore, he has to change everything here or like I told you or
in this part.
These local laws and borders to change, basically.
So as I mentioned, the airport, no and each and everything are different like this and policy has
to change basically.
So once this is done, what you can do, you can send that message to the same.
We do sitting, we will sitting in San Francisco.
So this is the function of in Europe, local, those developments that are what is Matthew Angelopoulos
of a domain which remote users can access?
No need to expose your pole sitter pervading, make another network genius.
So it is very simple.
So I will show you how can we can do this so.
Let me go this once you downloaded the new doc from the doc website next for Windows, and I will go
with that.
Indeed.
Not easy.
Now there are many services available on the Hill and PCB, but we are going with PCB PCB.
And what I don't want to do, my board of the local post, as I told you, is 1500.
Let me show you in a server part I mentioned.
No need to change that server part.
I'm going to I'm I'm telling you, no need to change this server part.
I mentioned my board address addresses 1500 in the main method.
This is 1500.
So what I can do, I can mention this one thousand five hundred now, and you will take time to run
its web interface.
So this is my web interface, basically.
So you don't doesn't support your dynamic and each and everything you are.
And so what you can do is.
This place controls.
So it will take time to each and everything.
So all in all, we can do these things and you can put your queries and everything here within judo
and in Europe, create digits or know what you're going through a tunnel status and each and everything
so it will you, you the non-status, and you can put the link here.
So this is all about how we can do this part.
But always remember, while creating the injured rock, the boat should not be occupied, all you can
say, it's not running.
You have to change it first and you have to change that part.
So this is all about how we can do this.
So now I will do what I can do is I'm going with some.
Let me go with some things.
Which is I'm mentioning here.
We did basically.
Let me show, and you don't.
In all.
I will share this to you on like Indie-Rock DCP 1500.
I will fear this.
OK, OK, OK.
So this is all about how are you going to do it on this team?
So this is my new application.
Let me clear this and let me do this and go back even further than.
So sometimes it is unavailable, but you have to keep trying.
It gives you the proper power.
Of that.
And you don't.
E acce.
ECB intelligence.
So it's showing me that all these examples are not working because.
Of all these things.
So this is all you can do with.
OK, so no, my local authority keeps running.
As you can see, my local Lutheran, each and everything is running here.
So this is my import and this is my you.
So what I can do, I can copy this part first.
And added to the tax system with plan with this local host.
And it gives me the world also.
So this is my fault, basically.
So what I can do.
So where is the boat I told you this is my pool tradition before this is all things other.
Oh my, oh.
Before this all is sort of registered in this report.
So let me add in the board.
This number.
So don't close that injury park, let me run this over for us, basically for testing purposes, not
considering here, but what you can do, you can put that server part in some online sort of what would
you change everything.
Now let me run the client until you.
You can say the connection is successful to this in Europe, and if I put who is in command each and
everything, it will give me all the things.
Now what is it?
Sort what is running on my own machine?
But blank can be running on any other machine.
Let me add one more client here, as I told you.
This is Client two and I'm mentioning, you name is Sam.
Sam is also connected to this.
So let me add a more another line.
Whose name is?
James, so there are three more.
Let me just please, as I told you, John, Sam James are connected here.
So from the James, what I want to do, I want to send Mr. John Legend, John.
So Admiral John messages Hello.
So let's see John King, John Campbell, Brown.
You got the message.
He received the message, but not this.
As you can see, this is not running if I am quoting from same message.
Hello.
Every one, what you can see, it is broadcasted.
You can see it is broadcasted.
And from the server, you can see all the messages, you're also Sam, then each and everything, but
in a private thing, you can not see each and everything.
So this is all about how we can put forward in.
And I ran this part on the inaugural part also.
So in further videos, I'm going to tell you how we can create a Jew, and I will tell you everything
there.
So let us see how we can do.
And also just close the injured, OK, you can see sort of what is close connection because I already
done with that part and now you can see client is also getting disconnected.
These also disconnected because I close that in Europe.
So the service is Tottenham.
So this is all about how we can proceed with this.
So that we don't what I'm going to tell you, Oh, I'm going to tell you clear channel.
Do you have JavaScript and how we can connect that to any generality in that thing?
And with the simplest, I'm not adding that we've mentoring some private methods also.
So let's see in that part.